Good morning,my respected professors! I am glad to be here for this interview. My name is Baiyun,22 years old. I come from Yinchuan,  which is the capital of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region.
Now, I am studying in Guangdong University of Technology and majoring in software Engineering.
In the past four years, I have spent most of time in studying and joining in voluntary activities.I have passed the CET-6 and have won the Outstanding Student scholarship and the Academic progress scholarship. In 2020, I took part in the national Mathematics Competition for college 
students and won the third prize.In addition,I also took part in some voluntary activities,which were held in our university or Guangzhou.
After four years of study, I hope I can make some achievements in the computer field in the future, so I choose to continue my postgraduate study. Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, a prestigious university in the field of computer, is undoubtedly the best choice for me. Besides, I am from the North, so I hope to go back to the north to study. Therefore, I choose to apply for Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications. I cherish the opportunity of the second interview and hope to obtain the opportunity to study in Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications.
That is all for my s


Talk your family:
There are five members in my family,my parents,my two sisters and me,My father is a worker,my mother is a
full-time housewife,my eldest sister is a machinist and my younger sisiter is a electrical engineer,They all
married and my eldest sister has had two lovely children,a girl and a boy.My family is very harmonious.For supporting
our study,my parents, my parents went through a lot of hardship ,I hope I can make my parents not so tired in the future.
I want wo buy a car for my parents so that they can travel somewhere.


Talk your home town:
I am form the ningxia hui antonomous region,it is called saishangjiangnan.If you like to eat mutton,ningxia is
undoubtedly the best choice.As a saying goes,no sheep can leave ningxia alive.In the south of ningxia,there is a
famous mountain called liupan mountain.In 1935,Chairman Mao led the red army arrive at liupan mountain and wrote
a famous poem:He who does not reach the Great Wall is not a true man.That's my motto, too.In addition,there are
Many scenic spots in my hometown,such as:sha lake,helan mountain Mausoleum of Xixia dynasty and so on.Welcome to ningxia.

印象最深的志愿者活动
One of my most memorable volunteer activities is in the Huangpu Military Academy.Our primary responsibility is
 to guide visitors and answer their questions.It was raining that day,We worked in the rain,Finally I rode back to school 
in the rain,it is very cool. 




