Good morning,my respected professors! I am glad to be here for this interview. My name is Baiyun,22 years old. I come from Yinchuan,  which is the capital of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region.
Now, I am studying in Guangdong University of Technology and majoring in software Engineering.
In the past four years, I have spent most of time in studying and joining in voluntary activities.I have passed the CET-6 and have won the Outstanding Student scholarship and the Academic progress scholarship. In 2020, I took part in the national Mathematics Competition for college 
students and won the third prize.In addition,I also took part in some voluntary activities,which were held in our university or Guangzhou.
After four years of study, I hope I can make some achievements in the computer field in the future, so I choose to continue my postgraduate study. Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, a prestigious university in the field of computer, is undoubtedly the best choice for me. Besides, I am from the North, so I hope to go back to the north to study. Therefore, I choose to apply for Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications. I cherish the opportunity of the second interview and hope to obtain the opportunity to study in Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications.
That is all for my s


Talk your family:
There are five members in my family,my parents,my two sisters and me,My father is a worker,my mother is a
full-time housewife,my eldest sister is a machinist and my younger sisiter is a electrical engineer,They all
married and my eldest sister has had two lovely children,a girl and a boy.My family is very harmonious.For supporting
our study,my parents, my parents went through a lot of hardship ,I hope I can make my parents not so tired in the future.
I want wo buy a car for my parents so that they can travel somewhere.


Talk your home town:
I am from the ningxia hui antonomous region,it is called saishangjiangnan.If you like to eat mutton,ningxia is
undoubtedly the best choice.As a saying goes,no sheep can leave ningxia alive.In the south of ningxia,there is a
famous mountain called liupan mountain.In 1935,Chairman Mao led the red army arrive at liupan mountain and wrote
a famous poem:He who does not reach the Great Wall is not a true man.That's my motto, too.In addition,there are
Many scenic spots in my hometown,such as:sha lake,helan mountain Mausoleum of Xixia dynasty and so on.Welcome to ningxia.

印象最深的志愿者活动
One of my most memorable volunteer activities is in the Huangpu Military Academy.Our primary responsibility is
 to guide visitors and answer their questions.It was raining that day,We worked in the rain,Finally I rode back to school 
in the rain,it is very cool. 

云计算
云计算指通过计算机网络(多指因特网)形成的计算能力极强的系统，可以在短时间内处理庞大的数据量，从而达到强大的网络服务，并且可以存储和集合相关资源并按需配置。向用户提供个性化的服务，随着信息技术的发展，人类社会产生的数据量会越来越庞大，云计算会成为一个热门领域，主要应用，智慧城市，智慧医疗

边缘计算：
在靠近数据源头的一侧就近为用户提供服务，数据不用再上传到遥远的云端，可以就近解决，适合实时的数据分析和智能化处理，更加高效和安全

大数据
规模巨大的数据资料，使用普通的计算机软件无法处理，必须通过云计算等强大的算力系统进行分析处理，通过分析大数据，可以为人们的衣食住行带来更多的便利，但也有
隐私泄露的风险

数据挖掘
数据挖掘是指从大量的数据中通过算法搜索隐藏于其中信息的过程，三个步骤，数据准备，规律寻找，规律表示。
数据挖掘的主要算法，神经网络，决策树，遗传算法

区块链
区块链，就是一个又一个区块组成的链条。每一个区块中保存了一定的信息，它们按照各自产生的时间顺序连接成链条。这个链条被保存在所有的服务器中，只要整个系统中有一台服务器可以工作，整条区块链就是安全的。如果要修改区块链中的信息，必须征得半数以上节点的同意并修改所有节点中的信息，而这些节点通常掌握在不同的主体手中，因此篡改区块链中的信息是一件极其困难的事。相比于传统的网络，区块链具有两大核心特点：一是数据难以篡改、二是去中心化。基于这两个特点，区块链所记录的信息更加真实可靠，可以帮助解决人们互不信任的问题。



